fix `nextFetchPolicy` behaviour with transformed documents (#11235)
apollographql/apollo-client: .changeset/early-snakes-cheer.md

---
"@apollo/client": patch
---

> keep `options` reference stable when passing it through QueryManager

Author: ```suggestion
Fix nextFetchPolicy behaviour with transformed documents by keeping `options` reference stable when passing it through QueryManager.
```
